docs: add rust usage example (#2447)
apache/incubator-opendal: README.md

## Documentation

> The documentation is available at <https://opendal.apache.org>. Checkout [here](./examples/) for the usage examples(still working on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation is available at <https://opendal.apache.org>. Checkout [here](./examples/) for the usage examples(still being worked on).
```

Reviewer 2: Let's send a new PR for this instead adding new workload for contributor.
